hey guys some stood out in wet weather
filming some skate parks in Essex this
has got to be the nastiest little skate
park I've ever been to really is a
pathetic little part I'm really well I
mean I suppose you could say it's better
than nothing but but barely so I'm this
is what happens when you get skate parks
designed by people who don't skate
whatsoever I've never seen any
skateboarders here but I'm a Markham's
chase which he's a off lynnster road in
Basildon Essex England so as you can see
first of all I mean they'd back they've
just put a few bits of equipment on a
small play area just you know trying to
keep up with the skate bag and I must
admit I do see a lot of people down here
but they're always on BMX is usually
very young kids because nobody a bit
more experience would be seeing dead
here so so you've got this kind of caged
area up here with the platform then this
fat Bank down here I guess you could do
something going up up in that direction
but I mean the quality of the floor and
is so bad that you probably gonna be
unlikely to get the momentum to do much
there it's slightly improved from when I
was here before because this stuff here
apart from the fact if you can see it's
just a really rough edges there so you
get one skate up there you'd end up on
your ass but I'm this can you see it's
kind of rippling as I put my weight on
it and that absorbs some of your
momentum a remarkable contrast a decent
quality rhino ramp see it's just secured
around the edges but there's no securing
down in the middle so it doesn't keep it
it doesn't make it doesn't make it feel
very solid and then you've got this some
this little bit bit up here
I'm not ridden this on a skateboard I've
never bothered to come back here I came
here on in lines once and it was so
horrible I never came back
but this little bank up to here onto a
piece of cocaine and then another flat
Bank here with a far too steep grind you
know anyway anyone who's learning you
know you're never going to get up on
there that's way too steep and there's
there's no kind of halfway point there's
not something easier that you can learn
before you do this I mean I don't know
what angle this is 30 40 degrees or
something but way too steep to to try
and you can tell it's too steep because
see the way it's crowded that floor
there that's not just filling to give it
a nice transition that's repair damage
from where peoples come down off there
and again you can see these horrible
whole villages see my foots just tick
now I mean that's you know that it's
going to cut you off if you fall it's it
just ruins your flow up and down and
then you've got this little quarter here
with a little cage on the back it almost
seems to put an oxymoron to put our
safety fencing around something it's
just so innately unsafe and horrible in
the first place and a good example of
the lack of safety features is this kind
of launch box here which is just a way
just launches you up and I've seen
people on in lines come up here and it
just says and flesh on their ass
backwards it's some yeah it's it's I
don't I've never seen one of those
before when it's it's some yeah you know
it's
I mean I've built them but I've been
snowboarding but I've never seen one in
a skate park before um I guess the the
best part of the park such as it is
easy some is this little quarter to
spine which at least gives you enough
float and come back and forwards again
you know really badly finish so I really
hate to see a park like this seat see
the quality of that world in there is
just abysmal just down here just to be
badly welded and yeah you know oddly in
there so that's anywhere that the
cements not well finished in you're
gonna get partly and that's going to be
like extra hours before that dries out
and the kids can use it at the back
there also puddles are formed where this
some where this material is is not
completely flat and and again that's
hours before the kids can use that so
even if it if it stopped raining now and
the Sun came out that would still be an
extra cup of hours on
top of the rest of the part before you
can use it I don't know what this
materials like it's um it's some kind of
laminate again got regular cross screws
onto it so the kids can unscrew it if
you can see here just regular cross
cross screws they don't seem to have
done but it surprises me that they
haven't probably a sign of how poor this
park is that they can't even be bothered
to come and vandalize it and then you've
got this a little mini spine here you
know nothing coming in this direction so
that's the kind of a wasted opportunity
but I guess coming down from there and
over the spine it's not too too big and
too intimidating so it's you can learn
on it
yeah not not a very impressive part 1 2
3 4 5 6 pieces of equipment our little
box here I didn't notice that I guess
that's better than nothing but again if
you up onto the box
you've got the danger then of falling
from the box onto this onto this edge
it's not particularly sharp but you know
tell me I'm done here the bolts are
coming undone um yeah it's the nasty
part to be honest um you know I could
never be sure with a part like this
whether you should be grateful that they
bothered to do anything or or ungrateful
that they've made a death sat like this
that's how I see it maybe I'm maybe I've
set my standards too high but personally
IIF I lived over there I wouldn't be
bothered to walk over to hit to here to
use it but might be I've been spoiled
because you've got some great parts in
Essex and this isn't one of them so this
is Markham sigh so you'd be better off
to bring a basketball and go play
basketball for an hour see you later
guys